Amoumu, The sad mummy
Perhaps one of the strangest champions in the Legends League is the Jordan named Amumu.
His life before joining the League remains a mystery ... especially for Amu. All he remembers is that he woke himself alone in the pyramid in the Shurima desert
He was wrapped in mummification bandages and could not feel the blows of his heart.
Moreover, he felt a deep sadness he could not fully explain, feeling the lack of his parents, but unable to remember who they were.
Amoum fell to his knees and wept in his bandages.
No matter what he was doing, it seemed he could never stop his tears. After a while he stood up, determined to go around the world and discover his past.
Amoum has traveled throughout southern Valoran, an achievement that is not very small.
While Amuhu still does not know much about his past, he has learned a lot about what he has become.
It is absolutely certain he is not dead, yet he does not grasp the evil characteristics inherent in these beings.
Also, it seems that it can stand on the side of the misery; Amumu managed to cross the entire Southern Valoran without any harm to him.
He was just sad, and the people and beings he met soon shared this sadness.
Finally, he made his way through the Great Barrier to the Institute of War, the home of the League.
Amuhu's story intrigued the invitees who met there, and they invited him to join the League.
His success inside him as a champion, he gave Amoum something that he wanted a cat: home.
By securing his present (not) life, he now hopes that his new friends will be able to help him in revealing his past.
"Things are bad when Amuhu is crying, but they are far more terrible when angry." - Azriel